This is my lawful husband
Zhang Wen Xu
Husband
I see that you and Xiao Yuan
still have a lot to talk about
I won’t bother you anymore
Jian Dao
Zhang Wen Xu
Didn’t you say you only had one ex-wife
who was a fat pig?
What’s this lawful wife about?
Xiao Yuan
Listen to me
What’s there to listen to?
I thought you only had one mistress
so I took care of her first
I didn’t expect a lawful wife
to suddenly appear
So she’s the fat wife
Zhang Wen Xu
Do you think I’m blind?
Xiao Yuan, listen to me
Recently, she
don’t know what’s going on
Spent money on liposuction
and became like this
She suddenly lost weight
When she lost weight
she became restless
seducing men everywhere
Completely ignoring my loyalty
Continue
You see
she refuses to divorce me even till death
She’s just after my money
In no time, she
swiped over 17 million in one afternoon
Really
She’s harming me everywhere
Slandering me,
she even seduced your brother
You just came back so you might not know
She’s currently very close to Li Bei Qīng
Seducing my brother?
She really doesn’t know her place
In the Li family,
a gold-digger like her can’t set foot
Moreover
She’s going around saying you’re seducing mistresses
Ruining your reputation
Making it impossible for you to hold your head up in this circle
Jian Dao
you’ve messed with the wrong person
I will make you pay dearly
I am not a girl who will endure everything